
Abdullah Alhasan

Kuwait, Al-Roda, Block 5, House 19, Street 51
Date of Birth : 11\5\1986, Nationality : Kuwait
Tel: (+965) 97977031
E-Mail: extraveganza@gmail.com

About Me:

I am a fast learner, have a positive thinking, can easly fit in almost any environment, a good listner, and a hard worker.

Since my graduation "first semester 2010/2011" I have planned to learn and make i-phone apps using the X-code , searching for the best place to work.

Qualification:

I) Programming Skills: 
A) Microsoft Office
1) Excel
2) Word
3) Power Point
4) Access

B) Programming Language:
1) I'm able to program with:
 C++, Visual studio, SQL and COBOL

2) In collage I studied:
C, COBOL, Assembly, Pascal, Prolog, LISP,
Oracle, MySQL, Open GL

	C) Programming Tools I can use:
MINITAP, Adobe Flash, Mat Lab


II) Projects:
A.	A friendly, full TicTacToe game using Visual C++.
B.	For my DataBase course i did a full data base for flowers and its relationship with bugs and soil, and designed a data base for the galaxy (Sun, Moons and Planets ).
C.	For my Software Engineering class project I made "Mall Gateway", a mall thru the internet .
D.	made a search program using Java.
E.   I participated in Microsoft's Imagin Cup with a project about polution .

III) Other skills:
A.	Worked on Windows ,Linux and MAC  OS's
B.	I have an excellent troubleshooting talent, by using logic thinking and searching the net for solutions.
C.	I can lead and follow, I've been led and followed in many occasions in collage and in other part time jobs.
D.    I also work on Adobe Photoshop, and Final Cut.

IV) Language:
A.	Arabic: Excellent read and write
B.	English: Excellent read,write and a fluent speaker 


Education:

- I attended Hawkeden primary school in the UK for about 2-3 years.

- Graduated from Abdullah Al-Otaibi high school science major class 2004

- Graduated from Kuwait University (first semester 2010/2011) 
Computer Science major and studied:
1) Algorithm
2) Data Structure
3) Computer Structure
4) Java
5) Databases
6) Artificial Intelligence
7) Graphics
8) Software Engineering

- My minor is English translation.

Hobbies :

	A. Football
	B. Basketball
	C. Vedio games
	D. Vallyball
	E. watching anime
	